Document trusted proxies setting (#2020)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/3.5.2_configuration_options.md

:support_jsonp: false
```

##### trusted_proxies

> This setting configure Rails' [ActionDispatch::RemoteIp middleware](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/RemoteIp.html). This is for secure handling of the `X-Forwarded-For` header that HTTP proxies send. Note that some of the Foreman Proxy behaves as an HTTP proxy, but it can also be a classical reverse proxy such as Apache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting configures Rails' [ActionDispatch::RemoteIp middleware](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionDispatch/RemoteIp.html). This is for secure handling of the `X-Forwarded-For` header that HTTP proxies send. Note that some of the Foreman Proxy features behave as an HTTP proxy, but it can also be a classical reverse proxy such as Apache.
```

Not sure if you meant Foreman Proxy features or if you meant that `some Foreman Proxies can behave`

Author: I did mean that, but naming is hard. Foreman Proxy calls it modules, Foreman calls it Features. In particular, the Templates and Registration modules/features rely on this. Let's go with features since this documents the Foreman side.
